A case in it's video let's take a look at some aggregate function.
So here I selected stuff from LA Reems table and you can see we have free rooms so we have our main
room which has 72 seats called Chaplin.
And then we have our two secondary rooms Kubrick and Capella and they each have 36 seats.
So what if you wanted to sum the number of seats called them so that you could find out exactly how
many seats you had in your house in a mall Well you could use the saw.
I couldn't function.
So we could select number of seats and then put that in brackets.
And before that I had some sage select some the color and number of seats from Bream's.
And you can see it summed all the values in a number of seats column and it's just return one value
of 144.
So this is 72 plus 36 plus 36.
So we only have three Vadhu So it is very easy to add that up anyway.
But if you had lots and lots of values this sum becomes quite useful.
And unlike the Coulon function we can do is On-Star.
So if we try and do some star We're going to get an era and this is because I was just counting the
number of rows in a table.
So you could do the stall but some is actually summing up the values in that table or in that column.
And if you look care we have four chaws So chop Kubrick capella.
How is it going to sum this.
It doesn't make sense.
So we have to stay the column and it has to be a numeric called him.
So right is number of seats column here and we can also add where closes to all some functions.
So that's some number of seats again.
But let's add a WHERE clause let's say where ID is greater than 1.
So it should sum up these two values here.
And you can see a returned 72 so 36 plus 36 and it's returned 72.
So that's it for some aggregate function.
Now let's move on to the next video.